I wrote the `breadcrumbs` package to help me find my way home after a long day of getting lost exploring data. Before breadcrumbs. The primary goal for the package is to provide structure to R project directories so that researchers can readily store code and data in appropriate folders, and coordinate that code and data with Makefiles. 

To get started open a new R project, and execute the following code in your console:
`library(breadcrumbs)`
`create_project_directories()` 

You will now see a standard set of project subdirectories appear in your project directory, and breadcrumbs is filled with functions to support the use of those subdirectories. For instance, I have found it useful to save my filepaths in a dedicated script called "file_paths.R". The function `source_file_paths()` will execute this script, and I include this function at the top of all my other scripts and Rmd files. The Makefile can be used to make your entire project reproducible from raw data to finished reports. Both the Makefile and the file_paths.R script assume the default set of subdirectories generated by `create_project_directories()`.

Other useful functions include `wrap()` which will control the width of long ggplot titles and facilitate your writing accurate and informative titles on all your EDA plots without fussing around trying to find the right places to manually insert line breaks. 

Another useful function is `clean_names()`. I use this the first time I import raw data to remove capital letters and illegal characters. 

